{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset1 Segoe UI Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red47\green84\blue150;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.18362}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa160\sl259\slmult0\f0\fs22\lang9\par

\pard\sa160\sl259\slmult0\qc\cf1\b\f1\fs32 TEST SCENARIOS DOCUMENT\par
\trowd\trgaph108\trrh750\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx2020\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx4260\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx8520 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\cf2\f0\fs28 TEST SCENARIO ID\cf0\b0\fs22\cell\cf2\b\fs28 MODULE NAME\cf0\b0\fs22\cell\cf2\b\fs28 TEST SCENARIO NAME\cf0\b0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trrh750\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx2020\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx4260\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx8520 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\cf2\fs28 TS01\cf0\fs22\cell\cf2\fs28 CUSTOMER Sign Up\cf0\fs22\cell\cf2\fs28 To Verify Customer Registration\cf0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trrh750\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx2020\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx4260\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx8520 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\cf2\fs28 TS02\cf0\fs22\cell\cf2\fs28 Customer Login\cf0\fs22\cell\cf2\fs28 To Verify Customer login\cf0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trrh375\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx2020\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx4260\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx8520 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\cf2\fs28 TS03\cf0\fs22\cell\cf2\fs28 Search Product\cf0\fs22\cell\cf2\fs28 To Verify the Search Functionality\cf0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trrh375\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx2020\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx4260\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx8520 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\cf2\fs28 TS04\cf0\fs22\cell\cf2\fs28 Add to cart\cf0\fs22\cell 
\pard\intbl\sa160\sl259\slmult0\cf2\fs28 To Verify Add to Cart Functionality\par

\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\cf0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trrh750\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx2020\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx4260\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx8520 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\cf2\fs28 TS05\cf0\fs22\cell\cf2\fs28 Navigating pages\cf0\fs22\cell 
\pard\intbl\sa160\sl259\slmult0\cf2\fs28 To verify the functionality of navigating pages\par

\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\cf0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trrh750\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx2020\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx4260\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx8520 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\cf2\fs28 TS06\cf0\fs22\cell\cf2\fs28 Logout\cf0\fs22\cell\cf2\fs28 To Verify the functionality of Customer Logout\cf0\fs22\cell\row 
\pard\sa160\sl259\slmult0\par
\b\fs24 Test case for Customer signup \b0\fs22\par
\ul Buttons\ulnone\par
Check all buttons, radio buttons, checkboxes by clicking on all buttons and see if they are working or not.\par
\ul Required Fields\par
\ulnone Check all required fields by not entering the data and (*) should be shown asking for mandatory field.\par
Check all required fields by entering the data and validating. Upon entering the all required fields User should be signed up, a successful registration message should be sent along with a mail.\par
\ul Optional Fields\ulnone\par
Check all optional fields by entering the data and a successful registration should happen.\par
Check all optional fields by not entering the data, and again, the user should be successfully registered without asking for the optional fields.\par
Check by filling some optional fields and leaving some, and the user should be successfully registered without asking for the optional fields.\par
\ul Email Validation\par
\ulnone Test for some invalid emails with cases like: without @, without(.), without a domain, and without alphabets before @. In such cases, the user should be prompted to enter a valid email address and the user shouldn\rquote t be signed up.\par
Test for valid email addresses by entering valid email addresses and then click on sign-up. The user should be registered successfully.\par
Test for valid but already existing email address. The user should not be signed up and prompted to log in instead.\par
\ul Password Validation\par
\ulnone Check the password for less value than the minimum characters specified. Enter a password of fewer than 8 characters and then click on sign up. The user should see a message to enter a value between 8 to 16 characters and shouldn\rquote t be signed up.\par
Check the password for more value than the maximum characters specified. Enter a password of more than 16 characters and then click on sign up. The user should see a message to enter a value between 8 to 16 characters and shouldn\rquote t be signed up.\par
Enter a password without alphanumeric characters and click on sign up. It should prompt the user to enter a password having alphanumeric characters.\par
Check by entering an alphanumeric password between 8-16 characters and a special character. It should not give any error and sign up should be successful.\par
\ul User Interface\par
\ulnone Tab functionality should work fine. Check by pressing tab button. It should navigate between the fields.\par
Enter button should act as a substitute for click on the sign-up button and the user should be successfully signed up on pressing enter.\par
Verify that the cursor should change according to the fields. On text fields, it should be a \f2\u9014?\f0 ; on buttons, it should be a hand pointer.\par
\par
\cf2\b\fs28 Customer Login\cf0\fs22\par
\b0 Verify that all the labels and controls including text-boxes, buttons, and links are present on the Login page.\par
Verify that the font type and size of the labels and the text written on the different elements should be clearly visible.\par
Verify that the size, color, and UI of the different elements are as per the specifications. \par
Verify that the application\rquote s UI is responsive i.e. it should adjust to different screen resolutions and devices.\par
\par
\b\fs24 Search product\b0\fs22\par
Enter a substantial item name and snap on the hunt symbol. It should show the outcome with the given item name. \par
\par
Enter nothing/click on the inquiry button, it should show a similar page without reviving the page. \par
\par
Composing any single character in the inquiry box, it should show a rundown of item ideas beginning with the entered character. \par
\par
Type any single character: it should show ten ideas in the rundown design. \par
\par
Type any single character and attempt to choose a thing, the client ought to have the option to pick an item from the dropdown item list. \par
\par
Type any two-character, the client ought to have the option to see a refreshed rundown with the item beginning from given two-character \par
\par
A similar word enters on different occasions, it should stack results with an item containing the given content. \par
\par
Enter an irregular character, it should stack the outcome page with a blunder message. \par
\par
Enter a long string under 650 characters, it should stack the outcome page. \par
\par
Blend of character and number, legitimate, it should stack result page with an item name containing item name character and number. \par
\par
Mix of character and number, invalid, it should stack mistake message or suggestion(as per req.) item name. \par
\par
Blend of alphanumeric character, it should stack result page (according to prerequisite) \par
\par
Mix of string, character, number, it should stack result page (according to prerequisite) \par
\par
Select an office, type an accessible item, it should show the main item name in a dropdown list from the chose title from that division. \par
\par
Select a division, begin composing a substantial, it should show the item name in item name from another office dropdown list. \par
\par
Duplicate content in the inquiry box ought to have the option to duplicate content. \par
\par
Glue text in the inquiry box ought to have the option to glue the content. \par
\par
A client signed in from various gadgets the outcome page ought to be something similar for clients to look for a similar item. \par
\par
Search an item with an alternate client record ought to have the option to see a similar query output page. \par
\par
Search an item in various tabs with a client ought to have the option to see a similar query output page account. \par
\par
Select a nation, search a substantial item name result page should show item containing given name in the English language. \par
\par
Select a nation, search substantial item name should show result containing given item name in their local language \par
\par
Signed in with various region and search should show result page with item in top on the rundown for the substantial item name. \par
\par
Drifting over to the hunt button cursor/bolt should change over to hand shape. \par
\par
Float to division segment should show tooltip as "Search in." \par
\par
The parchment button in division segment should look according to the determination of the office. \par
\par
Select an office from the dropdown rundown should show the chose division is featured. \par
\par
Enter text, change, and select division should show cursor close to the last character \par
\par
Office block size, while choosing should change the size of the parcel of division size according to message distinctive office name \par
\par
Submit text by clicking search catch ought to have the option to submit text \par
\par
Submit text from a console ought to have the option to submit text \par
\par
Type text, invigorate the page text ought to remain \par
\par
Revive page search box ought to be something similar, and the division ought to be All\par
\par
\b\fs32 Add to cart\par
\b0\fs22\par
Select any product.\par
Select Add to Cart icon.\par
Verify that the correct PDP page is shown with all the necessary\par
links and information.\par
Verify that product should be successfully added to cart and in the Cart icon, 1 should be displayed.\par
\par
\b\fs28 Navigating Pages\par
\b0\fs22 1. Menu Options \par
\par
Do the menu decisions manage clients as fast as conceivable to their normal objective? Are there such a large number of or too couple of choices? Is it true that they are comprehensible? \par
\par
Ensure you make sure about an easy to use data engineering prior to beginning the plan. The correct menu names are vital to acceptable client experience keeping clients from losing all sense of direction in a way to no place. This is your beginning stage in client research. \par
\par
2. Mental Models \par
\par
Is it true that you are living up to clients' desires about how the site should function? \par
\par
They ought to. If not, research further to comprehend them better and discover answers for how to meet them. Try not to attempt to constrain clients to act with a certain goal in mind. You can poke them, yet know about where the disappointment limit that would prompt deserting is. \par
\par
3. Which means of Icons and Labels \par
\par
Are the images and phrasing utilized handily perceived or do they need interpretation? \par
\par
Their understandings ought to be tight. On the off chance that you expect clients to invest a lot time and energy attempting to figure how what your symbols and names mean they will commit errors or essentially leave. \par
\par
4. Data Relevancy \par
\par
How pertinent for the exchange is the data appeared? Is there any visual mess keeping clients from zeroing in on what's significant in the way they need to follow? \par
\par
Ensure the data is the thing that clients need to progress in their objective utilizing your site. An excess of superfluous data or too little data prompts disappointment and added time and exertion. \par
\par
5. Psychological Strain \par
\par
What amount perusing, recalling, and dynamic is needed along the way to accomplishing the clients' objective? \par
\par
Try not to make clients think or buckle down. They will leave. \par
\par
6. Menu Visibility \par
\par
Is the menu for key exercises covered up? Does opening a menu require engine ability exertion? \par
\par
Try not to shroud fundamental connects to top errands under menu layers requiring an excessive number of snaps. Here and, several ticks feel too like too many relying upon the errands. \par
\par
7. Connection Redundancy \par
\par
Are there an excessive number of ways to get to a specific piece of the site? Do they befuddle clients not realizing where to begin? \par
\par
Give a couple of good, simple section focuses dependent on clear menu or catch marks. Once in a while one is sufficient. \par
\par
8. Site Navigation Steps \par
\par
What number of steps/pages do clients need to go through to show up at their last objective? Are there any means forestalling clients to proceed? Would they be able to be disposed of? \par
\par
Zero in on the top assignments your clients need to achieve and focus on short ways for them. Examination clients' assumptions and encounters from different sites they use. They can carry great answers for convoluted site route on the off chance that you have an unpredictable assistance on your hands. \par
\par
9. Site Navigation Design Pattern \par
\par
Does the route plan (tabs, super menus, accordions, merry go rounds, and so on) assist clients with finding and find what they need? \par
\par
They ought to. If not upgrade. \par
\par
10. Search Function and Filters \par
\par
Ought to there be an inquiry work on the site? Are clients ready to discover what they are searching for utilizing an inquiry work? What channels would assist clients with finding what they are searching for? \par
\par
Indeed, even on the easiest sites, a few clients attempt to find solutions rapidly by doing look. On the off chance that you can, add it, yet ensure the examination results are precise. On the off chance that you are managing complex data, a high volume of data or item indexes, consider adding channels.\par
\par
\par
\b\fs32 Logout\b0\fs22\par
After clicking on logout button, user session should be cleared.\par
After clicking on logout button on any page of application , user should redirect to home page.\par
After clicking multiple times on logout button, application should not crashed.\par
After clicking on logout button, press backspace key or back button of browser, it should not redirect to any page of application.\b\fs28\par
\b0\fs22\par
}
 